[EN/ZH] Update `Tournaments/JHC/JHC_2024` articles (#11181)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/JHC/JHC_2024/en.md

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration phase | 2023-11-26 / 2024-01-06 |
| Qualifier showcase | 2024-01-13 |
| Qualifier stage | 2024-01-20 / 2024-01-21 |
| Round of 32 | 2024-01-27 / 2024-02-04 |
| Round of 16 | 2024-01-10 / 2024-02-11 |
| Quarterfinals | 2024-02-17 / 2024-02-18 |
| Semifinals | 2024-02-24 / 2024-02-25 |
| Finals | 2024-03-02 / 2024-03-03 |

> | Grand Finals | 2024-03-09 / 2024-03-10 |

Reviewer: was correct before

## Prizes

> If registered as solo team, the prize of osu!supporter will be doubled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For solo teams, the prize of osu!supporter was doubled.
```

| Placing | Prizes |
| :-: | :-- |

> | ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | 6 months osu!supporter, profile badge |

Reviewer: add the profile badge image below this table if it has been awarded

> | ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | 6 months osu!supporter, profile badge |
> | ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | 4 months osu!supporter |
> | ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | 3 months osu!supporter |
> | \#4 - \#6 | 2 months osu!supporter |
> | \#7 - \#12 | 1 month osu!supporter |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | 6 months of osu!supporter, profile badge |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | 4 months of osu!supporter |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | 3 months of osu!supporter |
| #4 – #6 | 2 months of osu!supporter |
| #7 – #12 | 1 month of osu!supporter |
```

| 60 | 取队伍名称好难 | [\[GB\]Lingyu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29743849), [Takoke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11628037) |
| 61 | 大天空killers | [\[Crz\]Yurucawaii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25682415), [\[Crz\]bubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/28251667) |
| 62 | 帝者战神白武男 | [\_Glass\_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/21239735) |
| 63 | 影流之主 | [\[GB\]QAQlingjiu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27288518) |
| 64 | 快手极速版 | [Na2He](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/20298842), [Az-Q](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/32613475) |
| 65 | 憋笑 | [chino3310](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16626292), [\-Thirteen\-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/34241263) |
| 66 | 我先睡了队 | [WELUVMYUKA](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29949157), [chana](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18375016) |
| 67 | 打胶队 | [qiaolilailai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13809991), [\-\-achang\-\-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/31485150) |
| 68 | 海陆 | [CaptainLan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18483399) |
| 69 | 痛恨叠键 | [sarc6o9](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23135250) |
| 70 | 白 | [Lonann](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14617751) |
| 71 | 绝不认输 | [Styrene](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16998777) |
| 72 | 👍 | [TheOPmeme](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15763622) |

## Podium

| Rank | Team |
| :-: | :-- |

> | ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "冠军") | wehehe |
> | ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "亚军") | GangWonDuo |
> | ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "季军") | hsod |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | wehehe |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | GangWonDuo |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | hsod |
```

| \#4 | garfield exterminators if fortnite |
| \#5 ~ \#6 | hawk |
| \#5 ~ \#6 | SV Player |
| \#7 ~ \#8 | Shangus |
| \#7 ~ \#8 | 👍 |
| \#9 ~ \#12 | ETA |
| \#9 ~ \#12 | THE TRUTH OF NOCENT |
| \#9 ~ \#12 | 原核生物队 |

> | \#9 ~ \#12 | 大天空killers |

Reviewer: you have duplicate rows (same placements), please combine where appropriate

use `–` (en dash) instead of `~`. `\` is not necessary

- Light Chordjack
  1. [Itaojirou - Tze-Chiang (\[GB\]nyasun) \[\[4K\] \[\#22J\]14\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2106870#mania/4421123)
  2. [ayaponzu\* - Super Nuko Ni Naritai (YuEast 2018) \[\[4K\] Super Jeck Ni Naritai\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1774715#mania/3634309)
- Anchor Jack
  1. [PINOCCHIOP feat. Kagamine Rin \& Hatsune Miku - Nee Nee Nee. (LaoXiao-) \[\[4K\] Hey Hey Hey @Jack x1.15\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1552231#mania/3171777)
  2. [Ganeme - See you again... (To2) \[\[4K\] Retrospect x1.05\_P\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1884119#mania/3879256)
- Difficult Jack
  1. [Camellia - Looking for Edge of Ground (ieFaH) \[\[4K\] Exploring in the Infinite World\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2143204#mania/4511881)
- Quadstream
  1. [fether - Piano Concerto No. 1 "Scorpion Fire" (Nandemo Suikomu Pink Iro no Tameno) (yks1) \[\[4K\] Devour 205\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2144954#mania/4517823)
- Minijack
  1. [Camellia - ANOMALY (To2) \[\[4K\] MAL"FUNCT!ON" x1.1\_P\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2138131#mania/4499788)
- Rhythm Jack
  1. [Shiron - iNSPiRED (yks1) \[\[4K\] LEiTFADEN\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2144953#mania/4517821)

> - Tie Breaker
>   1. [Yooh - RPG (\[GB\]Tyris) \[\[4K\] -Disguise//Impersonation//Procrypsis-\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2144958#mania/4517829)

Reviewer: - use "Tiebreaker"
- use bold for tiebreaker maps

```suggestion
- Tiebreaker
  1. **[Yooh - RPG (\[GB\]Tyris) \[\[4K\] -Disguise//Impersonation//Procrypsis-\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2144958#mania/4517829)**
```

### Finals

> [Download the mappack here (249 MB)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-2K0EV7yWMFOEy0VMDUgb-_XMKxZqkY7/view?usp=sharing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Download the mappack here! (249 MB)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-2K0EV7yWMFOEy0VMDUgb-_XMKxZqkY7/view?usp=sharing)
```

etc

### Grand Finals

Saturday, 9 March 2024:

| # | Team Red |  |  | Team Blue | Match link | VOD link |
| :-: | --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-: | :-: |
| 77 | GangWonDuo | **7** | 5 | hsod | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/113001768) | [#1](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV12Z42187nP/) |

Sunday, 10 March 2024:

| # | Team Red |  |  | Team Blue | Match link | VOD link |
| :-: | --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-: | :-: |
| 78 | wehehe | **7** | 0 | GangWonDuo | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/113019292) | [#1](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1Nr421p76T/) |

### Finals

Saturday, 2 March 2024:

| # | Team Red |  |  | Team Blue | Match link | VOD link |
| :-: | --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-: | :-: |
| 74 | SV Player | 0 | **6** | hsod | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/112902834) | [#1](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1WH4y1j76j/) |
| 76 | GangWonDuo | 3 | **6** | wehehe | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/112902144) | [#1](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1zj421U7hi/) |

Sunday, 3 March 2024:

| # | Team Red |  |  | Team Blue | Match link | VOD link |
| :-: | --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-: | :-: |

> | 73 | garfield exterminators if fortnite | **6** | FF | hawk | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/112914432) | [#1](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1dz421D79L/) |

Reviewer: on the wiki, forfeits are notated like this

```suggestion
| 73 | garfield exterminators if fortnite | **0** | -1 | hawk | [win by default](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/112914432) | [#1](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1dz421D79L/) |
```

see https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/blob/master/wiki/Tournaments/TEMPLATE.md#match-results

Author: Is *italic* needed for "win by default"?

Reviewer: ah yeah that's how it's in other articles

- Speed Jack
  1. [Hommarju - Crazy Jackpot (\[GB\]V1do) \[Stage 6: JACKpot\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2118126#mania/4448636)

## Match results

> Sheet-styled match results can be seen through [master sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Qm2BfIc2LFbf59-2RBkqnOde95y2WgoyO_XRNSrvNa4/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The full match results are also available in the [master sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Qm2BfIc2LFbf59-2RBkqnOde95y2WgoyO_XRNSrvNa4/).
```

### Grand Finals

Grand Finals:

| \# | Time (UTC) | Team Red |  |  | Team Blue | Match link | VOD link |
| :-: | :-: | --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-: | :-: |

> | 78 | Sunday 10 March 14:00 | wehehe | **7** | 0 | GangWonDuo | [link](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/113019292) | [bilibili](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1Nr421p76T/) |

Reviewer: please follow the [template](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/blob/master/wiki/Tournaments/TEMPLATE.md?plain=1#L125-L133)

- the `#` column is ok.
- the line above the table should be the date. remove the `Time (UTC)` column group tables by date, not round
- use `#1` for both link texts

| 30 | Sunday 4 February 12:00 | Jack Hunter | 1 | **5** | aomdco | [link](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/112519128) | / |
| 17 | Sunday 4 February 13:00 | hop on quaver | 3 | **5** | Antijacker | [link](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/112518542) | [bilibili](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1yu4m1N7kW/) |
| 21 | Sunday 4 February 13:00 | 原核生物队 | **5** | 0 | 我先睡了 | [link](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/112520044) | [bilibili](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1DA4m157Xx/) |
| 18 | Sunday 4 February 14:00 | 海陆 | **5** | 0 | 打胶队 | [link](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/112520770) | [bilibili](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV12u4m1N7Q1/) |
| 24 | Sunday 4 February 14:00 | Hop on Lethal Company | FF | **5** | 痛恨叠键 | [link](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/112520736) | / |
| 19 | Sunday 4 February 15:00 | soloist | **5** | FF | Pookie Bears | [link](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/112521613) | / |
| 31 | Sunday 4 February 15:00 | adalah alat tempur mutakhir dari korea | 3 | **5** | THE TROLLERS | [link](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/112521586) | [bilibili](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1Nt421a7Qf/) |

### Qualifiers

> Detailed statistics can be seen through [statistics sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1q0Hbqt5Rqz78IHnMo2t-WhMl2oyrxNoTHdysYngH3Jc/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed statistics can be seen in the [statistics sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1q0Hbqt5Rqz78IHnMo2t-WhMl2oyrxNoTHdysYngH3Jc/).
```

| Seed | Team | Total score |
| :-: | :-: | :-: |

> | #1 | GangWonDuo | 5992794 |

Reviewer: please add tousands separators

```suggestion
| #1 | GangWonDuo | 5,992,794 |
```
